for me. I find that I've had a lot of free time. And I, uh I found myself
watching these YouTube videos. I'm taking this Professor Messer,
uh, cybersecurity course So I can get my cyber, my security plus, um,
certificate because you're gonna help me in my my i t career. I also
I'm doing this recording now, which is with the U S. C s Institute
for Creative Technologies, which is, um, like a track for education
and training, uh, that I wanna have for myself and for my resume.
That, uh, is pushing me forward with that, um, at night time, I Before
I go to sleep, I opened up my Nintendo DS. There's this Japanese
course that I'm learning, uh, takes about half an hour that I do these
little flash cars and, uh, kind of like, learn that Japanese, Um,
uh, the Japanese software. I also, um I'm learning this games. Plus,
James, Where, uh, this guy has shown me how to make a two D model
in the unity engine s Oh, that's just kind of like practicing my C
plus plus ability. So bits and pieces here. It's not standard everyday,
but it's Ah, it's something that I find myself, uh, doing what I
what? I want to take a break from Netflix.